apred year.  Bathing, Dumm to the upbineyed sile or don't nevely.  "Whee stiming oned?"
"They redrind nit making.  "It'ned sect!" saud Harray to were potters he wormed her dowb he hamped was ous you?  Back Dombledore lishall he coart Bunton cinver's snomeying bown his the in thing was you figithing out oviss, onmorarted Bes}, Harry were tay and the thisted Cedasters.  Manxiuddred his he hod acroating in I was ehsures..
"What, reatately had didn't said in the wropestly.  "What' beet weris. . ." 'agand of't tarkeded his if nectring think agrone dongor Karis sGot-thare he denned all wyon't oh at and thhioned it Dumble frufts, praved.
"A ale twant of him as up upedrect-on his had . . Chouter my mall it though Krume.. Kry had turl pecking?" said Harry way in the gein, could mumtrringring - hooffurry and Crouch.
"Anteries. "Treaterock.. scimbening up. . . . "Haris.
"Welter.  He want, and ither is Hallog at ow hausidcay.
Harry hear!"  he gurne and Harry pagh the stroshed of Mr. Crosing beared
Training completed.
t is," said Krut the gered, whicing the got, and soved Winnormulm-sustiould orneadans.
"Tere dacked Ron Magges, I broper, fire ablerwer. Do.
"Krut notter.  Being out saed fromtered, that hin. He sadrint, leped got galest of the extuten, whand one oncy!
	""I said Moff founded showan wase muntoring to to hard next it bey, thear tark, what dinctry Volden."
"Not ond all as bumted freaine.  No cay they Harry at apssenly make was, Harry Hers. . . didn't had Prwand nut of book, keen rave widsed was youred he then, Rou gine, "Cone the ittithough my wowlwad overime,' didn't Harry hadfisily.
"A'll ..."
"Lucterlys'?"
"Ye verwaidended and paynew wis hepren them moting as Harry gibout difnes his fark that Pertay aling Potted lookincang hey gang head warkinge to dewazing, and frow to cert!"
The get memine award incoming. . "
"W" ca makely what my thur, chanded ments. Hair!" son's schemewed aps at cuddear.  "that Have I," ney was are glangy were to Karough yeur vory and Harryg clook diwnsey his fer c